[Music]
eight exercises to breathe belly fat
away you've tried crunches sit-ups
planking every ab workout Under the Sun
yet you still haven't been able to
achieve the flat stomach of your dreams
well perhaps it's time to try a more
alternative approach today we're gonna
look at some core sculpting breathing
exercises from the world of yoga that's
right
blast the way belly fat just by
breathing keep on watching to find out
more but first have you subscribed to
the bright side yet we put out tons of
helpful videos every single day so just
click that subscribe button and ring the
bell to be notified each time we post
before we get into the exercises let me
tell you exactly what we're doing today
it's called pranayama and it's a
breathing technique that's an integral
part of yoga
you see prana is the universal life
force and energy that's present in all
living beings and a Yama means to extend
so pranayama seeks to lengthen a
person's life force through breathing
among its many health benefits it works
specifically for weight loss by reducing
appetite increasing metabolism cleansing
and balancing the digestive system and
burning fat most importantly though it
reduces stress and prevents
stress-related diseases but just like
any other exercise this technique comes
with its own serious risks pregnant
women those who suffer from respiratory
problems and anyone with a heart
condition should not do pranayama
exercises always consult your doctor
before you try any new exercise routine
or physical activity especially if you
have health conditions if you're new to
yoga it's better to try these techniques
with an instructor first build some
experience and then you can do them
yourself at home safely the exercises
should be done on an empty stomach for
the best results do them first thing in
the morning if you're fit enough to at
least try the form today then let's give
it a go number one
diaphragmatic breathing this technique
of deep breathing is safe for beginners
it helps burn fat on top of the
abdominal muscles start by lying on your
back on an
sighs Matt lay your head flat on the
floor to keep your neck in a neutral
position place your hands on your belly
so that you can control your breathing
slowly inhale through your nose so that
your stomach expands under your hands
exhale through pursed lips and feel your
stomach fall make sure your chest
remains still you can start out by doing
this exercise for five to ten minutes a
day for a more advanced approach you can
increase the time and do the exercise
while sitting or standing
number two stomach vacuum this exercise
aims to strengthen your deep inner
abdominal muscles and burn visceral fat
that's the fat under your muscles
surrounding your organs get on all fours
on an exercise mat slowly breathe in as
much air as you can start exhaling as
much air as you can while curving your
back towards the ceiling tuck your head
between your shoulders in this position
bring your stomach as close to your
spine as possible hold the pose for 15
to 20 seconds and try to breathe
normally release the pose with an inhale
and return to the starting position you
can repeat this exercise several times
as you do the steps inhale through your
nose and exhale through your mouth
number three skull shining breath this
technique not only burns belly fat but
also gives you a nice boost of energy
sit on a mat with your legs crossed
place your hands on your knees take a
deep breath in and then do a series of
forceful short exhales driving your
navel towards your spine with every
exhale keep exhaling until you're out of
breath once you've done this your lungs
will open automatically and you can take
a long inhale repeat the steps three
times
number four alternating nostril
breathing sit on your heels or with your
legs crossed make sure your spine is
straight and your shoulders are relaxed
place your left hand on your left knee
with your palm up bring the tips of your
thumb and index finger together place
the index and middle finger of your
right hand on the space between your
eyebrows put your pinky and ring finger
on your left nostril and your thumb on
your right nostril now close your eyes
and gently press your right nostril with
your thumb and exhale through your left
nostril then inhale through the left
nostril
press the left nostril with your ring
finger and exhale through the right
nostril then inhale through the right
nostril again these movements make one
cycle if you incorporate this exercise
into your daily routine do five to ten
cycles number five bellows breathing sit
on a mat in a comfortable pose with your
spine and neck straight and your palms
on your knees relax the stomach muscles
and close your eyes start inhaling and
exhaling forcefully
make sure you're breathing is deep
powerful and rhythmic take approximately
one second for each inhale and exhale
the inhale and exhale should be fast and
your stomach should jolt with each
movement do the exercise for five
minutes a day number six
humming be breathing sit on a mat with
your legs crossed make sure your
shoulders are relaxed and your spine is
straight
cover your ears with your thumbs and
place your index fingers on your
forehead right above your eyebrows let
your ring and middle fingers rest on
your closed eyes slowly inhale and
exhale with your mouths closed
make a humming sound as you breathe out
feel the vibrations of the sound with
your fingers do several inhales and
exhales and then rest your hands on your
knees you've now completed one cycle for
daily practice do five to ten cycles of
this technique number seven deep
breathing sit in a chair or on the floor
with your spine and neck straight place
your hands on your thighs or your knees
cross your ankles if you're sitting on
the floor close your eyes breathe
normally through your nose for about a
minute relax your facial muscles exhale
to a slow count of four and pull your
belly button towards your spine inhale
slowly make your inhales and exhales the
same length of time let all your
thoughts go and focus on your breathing
do the exercise for five to ten minutes
a day you can also start with three to
five minutes of deep breathing if you're
a beginner number eight abdominal lock
you can do this exercise while standing
or on your knees on a mat breathe in and
then completely exhale while pressing
your stomach to the very back of your
spine hold this position for as long as
you can and try to continue inhaling
without moving your stomach release the
position by letting your chest and
abdomen drop all of that makes one cycle
do three to five cycles for daily
practice and that's it for today please
keep in mind that these eight exercises
aren't meant to be done altogether just
pick one or two to do for five to ten
minutes in the morning after you wake up
and of course you'll get even better
weight loss results if you combine
breathing exercises with an active
lifestyle and healthy diet choices have
you ever tried breathing exercises now
that you've learned some of the basics
are you gonna give them a go in the
future let us know down in the comments
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
where life is a lot more exciting on the
bright side